Let's go inside.
Let's go in, Lord Rigu said
You are gathered here
unauthorized government
Are you going to rebel?
Governor
We are not rebellious.
It's these dog officials who colluded with thieves
Save my family business from my children
It's just too deceiving
How could this be true?
Bold, this dog official and the thief are hiding inside
Please make the decision for me, Lord Xuanfu
I am Governor Lin Guogong
Open the door immediately
Greetings to the Governor
Lord Lin, why are you here?
If Guan doesn't come
I'm afraid that today you, the Supervision Institute
Has been razed to the ground
Why protect the wicked?
Adults, lower officials, no lower officials
Wrong, then why are they gathered outside the door?
That's all a bunch of people
They want to rebel
If you don't believe me, you can go in and search.
Go yes